remove kyma 1 related resources (#13622)
kyma-project/kyma: installation/README.md

# Installation Resources

## Overview

> This folder contains Kyma resources CRDs and components list for installation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains Kyma custom resource definitions (CRDs) and the components list for installation. 
```
